Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-cpts-540-artificial-intelligence-homework-3
<br>












<ol>

 <li>Consider the following initial and goal states for the 8-puzzle problem. In the search algorithms below, when iterating over possible actions (i.e., moving the blank tile), always consider the actions in the order: Up, Down, Left, Right. <em>Be sure to use the search algorithms as defined in the lecture notes</em>.</li>

</ol>




<ol>

 <li>Draw the search tree showing all nodes generated by the Breadth-First Search algorithm to solve this problem.</li>

 <li>Draw the search tree<u>s</u> showing all nodes generated for each iteration of the IterativeDeepening Search algorithm to solve this problem.</li>

 <li>Draw the search tree generated by the A* search algorithm to solve this problem using the city-block distance for the heuristic <em>h</em>. The city-block distance for an 8-puzzle state is the sum of the city-block distances of each tile in the puzzle (excluding the blank tile). Next to every node, show the values of <em>f</em>, <em>g</em> and <em>h</em>. If two nodes have the same <em>f</em> value, then prefer nodes farther to the left in the search tree.</li>

 <li>Draw the search tree generated by the Hill-Climbing search algorithm to solve this problem, where a state’s Value = 1 / (<em>h</em> + 1), where <em>h</em> is the heuristic from part (c). Next to every node, show its Value. Finally, indicate which node is returned. Be careful; note that the Hill-Climbing algorithm does not employ the goal test, but stops only after none of the generated neighbor nodes has a strictly better Value.</li>

</ol>




<ol start="2">

 <li>Consider the heuristic which is the average of the city-block distances of each tile, instead of the sum. Is this heuristic admissible for the 8-puzzle search problem? Justify your answer.</li>

</ol>




<ol start="3">

 <li><em>CPTS 540 Students Only</em>: Suppose you want to replace the initial state in problem 1 with a state such that the optimal solution to the 8-puzzle problem is exactly 10 moves. Explain how you could use one of the search algorithms discussed in class to find such a state.</li>

</ol>

1